April 1, 2026 To whom it may concern: Company Name Toranvia Co., Ltd. Representative Tomoyasu Kosaka Representative Director and Chairman (Securities code: 545A, TSE Prime Market) Contact Masayo Sunaga Director, GM of Planning H.Q. (Ph: +81-3-6702-0051) Notice Regarding the Incorporation of Toranvia Co., Ltd., It is hereby announced that , today, Toho System Science Co., Ltd. (“ TSS”) and R&D Computer Co., Ltd. (“R&D”; TSS and R&D collectively, the “Companies”) incorporated, through a joint share transfer, T oranvia Co., Ltd. (“Toranvia”) as the wholly owning parent company of the Companies and listed the common stock of Toranvia on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Prime Market. Details 1. Outline of Toranvia (1) Trade name Toranvia Co., Ltd. (2) Location of head office 1-12-14 Koishikawa, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo (3) Date of incorporation April 1, 2026 (4) Name and title of representative Tomoyasu Kosaka, Representative Director and Chairman Yoshiaki Fukushima, Representative Director and President (5) Description of business Management of subsidiaries, etc. and any business incidental or related thereto (6) Stated capital 2,000 million yen (7) Number of shares issued 39,940,609 shares (8) Listed market Tokyo Stock Exchange Prime Market (securities code: 545A) This document has been translated from the Japanese-language original for reference purposes only. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy between this document and the Japanese-language original, the Japanese-language original shall prevail in all respects.
(9) Number of shares in one unit 100 shares (10) End of fiscal period March 31 (11) Financial auditor Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC (12) Shareholder register administrator Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited (13) Website https://www.toranvia.co.jp/ 2. Executive management structure Name Title Tomoyasu Kosaka Representative Director and Chairman Yoshiaki Fukushima Representative Director and President Kazuhisa Sasanuma Director, GM of Human Resources Development H.Q. Masayo Sunaga Director, GM of Planning H.Q. Takanori Ishii Director, GM of Development Dept. I Keiichi Yamamura Director, GM of Sales Dept. Isao Hironaga Director, GM of Development Dept. II Fumitoshi Okuno Director, GM of Administration H.Q. Hiroyuki Morita Outside Director Akira Uemura Outside Director Ichiro Akita Outside Director Hiromi Kimura Outside Director Naoki Tanabe Standing Statutory Auditor Katsuhiko Kudo Outside Statutory Auditor Toshihiko Hirose Outside Statutory Auditor 3. Consolidated earnings forecast and dividend forecast Toranvia’s consolidated earnings forecast and dividend forecast for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2027 will be announced once they are determined. 4. Management philosophy and vision Toranvia has released a video outlining Toranvia’s Mission, Vision, and Values defined under the corporate sloga n, “Creating the Future Together with Our Customers,” as well as Toranvia’s business strategy and shareholder return policies. Please view the video on the website indicated below.
Toranvia’s website https://www.toranvia.co.jp/ End